trait: 
agressive. yellow card and gives away freekick each match. red every 15th.
goalscorer: scores one every 2nd match
dribbler: creates a freekick/corner (alternate) every match
assist master: will create a goal-chance every 2nd match
penalty expert: scores every penalty against normal GKs, scores every 2nd against master keepers
master keeper: save severy penalty except vs penalty experts
sprinter: will create a goal every game vs defence without sprinters
form player: stats +10 when in form, -10 when not. is in form when he's scored or created a goal in the last 2 match. not in form when 0 in 3
freekick supremo: scores every 3rd freekick
good head: scores every 10th corner when you have more headers, every 20th when equal, none when less. (also helps def, see prev). If you have more headers than opp team, then 10 etc
box-to-box player: will create a freekick every match but also give away a freekick each match
great tackler: will last-ditch stop the first chance created each match (even ones coming from traits, e.g. assist master)
display all stats and conditions for traits


ooh this is getting interesting

maybe insted of traits just have lots of stats? e.g. concede penalty: every 10th match. score goal: every 20th match


or make it easy

attack - midfield - defence - goalkeeper
may have: trait 

5 a  side
striker
mid mid
def
keeper

or:
striker striker striker striker striker if you want

midfield: determins who wins possession
every team get a freekick every match? or maybe just the team with posssession
every team get 1 corner per half + 1 corner per half for possession
every team gets one chance + 1 for possession 

make sure keeper is worth it. maybe keeper is for free kicks and corners and pens and maybe adds to defense as well
humm maybe mids add to defense
maybe mids att to att
keep it simple. so keeper is for SPs. or maybe he has a low def score that is added


chance: is attack higher than def? goal

moneyball?
statsball?

0-10


you can have 3 subs but they only go on if someone's injured. so you can make a team with three nastymen and basically bank on the subs being a bit shit

you can watch in "realtime", fast-play a game, fast-play a season (or 1/2 for the transfer window) or even fastplay X seasons
the other teams will try to improve their teams by buying 2-3 players that wins them games they lost in the last 1-2 seasons (pref. last)
different clubs have different cash reserves and budget

in the develop version you start small and take on brucelona and real paris and the mighty london fc

they year is 2016


update he phaser boiler with "put audio here"

simple blog